[breath exhaling]
[flag rustling]
[fireworks crackling]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder cracks]
[waves lapping]
[wood creaking]
[man grunting]
[man speaking Spanish]
Capitan! Capitan!
[grunts]
Who are you?
[horses panting]
[man shouts indistinctly]
[man shouting indistinctly]
What is this?
Your Majesty, caught him
up in a fishing net.
A fishing net.
Sire, he's been telling
stories. Stories that...
We believe he's found a...
Ponce de Leon.
Says he found
Ponce de Leon's ship.
[man 2] Or sailed on it.
[man 1] No, I told you,
Ponce de Leon
died 200 years ago.
Aye, but he died searching
for something, didn't he?
The Fountain of Youth.
How soon can you sail?
With the tide.
[woman] Over here!
Lucky heather!
[man] Pirate swords!
Pirate swords!
Pirate's execution today.
Watch him swing!
[man] Pirate puppets!
Take that, you!
[girl] Hurry, Papa,
or we'll miss the hanging!
It's not a hanging, dear,
it's a trial. The hanging
comes this afternoon.
[man] Pirate hanging today!
[door creaks]
Come on. Up you get.
Move along, pirate.
Or should I say,
"Captain Pirate"? [laughs]
Come on. Come on! Up you go.
[crowd shouting]
[man] Quiet! Order!
[pounding gavel]
[man] Quiet!
Now appearing
before the court,
the notorious and infamous
pirate, pillager,
and highwayman...
Quiet!
...Captain Jack Sparrow!
[crowd jeering]
I told you, the name's Gibbs!
Joshamee Gibbs!
How many times...
[man] Hear ye, hear ye!
Presiding over these trials,
all rise and attend, the
Right Honorable Justice Smith!
[crowd shouting]
My dear sir.
Quiet!
[pounding gavel]
Now...
...what do we have here?
Jack?
Shut up!
[grunts]
[crowd chattering]
I don't recognize him.
Not necessary.
You were saying?
Jack Sparrow is not my name.
My name is Joshamee Gibbs.
[crowd shouting]
Is that so?
It says Jack Sparrow here.
[Gibbs] I told 'em.
I'm not Jack Sparrow,
who I would be happy
to identify to the court
if it would help my case.
I think that would
be a poor defense,
unless you want
to be bludgeoned again
like a harp seal.
[crowd shouting]
[Jack] The prisoner
claims of being innocent
to being Jack Sparrow.
How do you find?
No trial? But aren't we here
to examine the evidence...
Foreman, your finding. Guilty?
Guilty verdict
means he'll hang.
[crowd cheering]
Hang him! String him up!
[crowd quiets]
Guilty?
That's not fair!
[crowd cheering]
Shut it.
[pounds gavel]
Joshamee Gibbs,
the crime of which
you've been found guilty of
is being innocent
of being Jack Sparrow.
I hereby
commute your sentence,
and order
that you be imprisoned
for the remainder
of your miserable, moribund,
mutton-chopped life.
What?!
Hang him!
[woman] Hang him!
There.
Balderdash!
String him up!
Hang him high!
[clamoring]
Means shall be arranged
to transport this prisoner
to the Tower of London.
[muffled shouting]
Thanks very much.
Ta.
Come on. Get up there.
Get up!
Hell's teeth. Now we're
both headed for prison.
Not to worry.
I've paid off the driver.
Ten minutes, we'll be outside
London Town, horses waiting.
Tonight, we make the coast.
Then it's just a matter
of finding a ship.
[Gibbs] All part
of the plan, yes?
[Jack] Exactly.
I arrived in London Town
just this morning
to rescue one
Joshamee Gibbs
from one appointment
with the gallows.
Seeing as how
you're still alive,
I'd say it's all been
very successful thus far.
What happened
to you, Gibbs?
I thought you were
employed elsewhere
or otherwise engaged.
Aye. But I always listened
like a thief for news
of the Black Pearl.
Nobody's seen where
she might next make port.
Then, I hear a rumor:
Jack Sparrow's in London
with a ship and looking
for a crew.
Am not.
But that's what I heard.
Fact is, you're
signing up men tonight.
Pub called
The Captain's Daughter.
Am not!
Well, I thought it
a bit odd,
but then, you've never
been the most predictable
of sorts.
Tell me something.
There is another
Jack Sparrow out there
sullying my good name?
An impostor.
Indeed.
But... an impostor
with a ship.
And in need of a crew.
Which, as fate
would have it, so am I.
What about you, Jack?
Last I heard
you were hell-bent
to find
the Fountain of Youth.
Any luck?
Circumstances arose
and forced
a compelling insight
regarding discretion
and valor.
Meaning, you gave up.
I did not.
I am just as bent as ever.
Hellishly so.
I shall taste those waters,
Master Gibbs. Mark my words.
Oh. Short trip.
[chuckles]
All part
of the plan, yes?
[grunts] No.
[door closes, locks]
[footsteps receding]
[horses trotting, neighing]
[distant chattering]
[distant banging]
[grunts]
[marching footsteps approach]
You are Jack Sparrow?
There should be a "Captain"
in there somewhere.
I've heard of you.
And you know who I am.
Face is familiar.
Have I threatened you before?
You are in the presence
of George Augustus,
Duke of Brunswick-Luneburg,
Archtreasurer
and Prince-elector
of the Holy Roman Empire,
King of Great Britain
and Ireland, and of you.
Doesn't ring a bell.
I am informed
you have come to London
to procure a crew
for your ship.
Vicious rumor. Not true.
Then you lied to me when you
told me you were Jack Sparrow.
I am Jack Sparrow, but I'm
not here to procure a crew.
That is... someone else.
Ah. Someone else
named Jack Sparrow.
You've brought me
the wrong wastrel.
Find the proper one
and dispose of this impostor.
No, wait, wait.
Hang on a minute.
I'm Jack Sparrow,
the one and only.
And I am in London.
To procure a crew.
[chains clanking loudly]
To undertake a voyage
to the Fountain...
What?
Will someone please remove
these infernal chains?
[sighs] Come, come.
[chains clanking]
We know you're
in possession of a map.
So confiscate the map,
and to the gallows with him!
Have you a map?
No.
Where is it?
The truth? I lost it.
Quite recently, in fact.
I have a report.
The Spanish have located
the Fountain of Youth.
I will not have some
melancholy Spanish monarch,
a Catholic,
gain eternal life!
[silverware clattering]
You do know the way
to the Fountain?
Of course I do.
Look at me.
You could guide
an expedition.
With your permission,
your heinie,
you will be providing,
then, a ship...
...and a crew?
And a captain.
Afternoon, sire.
If I may be so bold,
why is that man not
in chains?
He must be
manacled at once.
At the center
of my palace? Hardly.
Hector.
How nice to see
a fellow pirate
make good of himself.
Pirate? Nay. Privateer.
On a sanctioned mission
under the authority and
protection of the Crown.
As may be, but first,
what has become of
my beloved Pearl?
I lost the Pearl
as I lost my leg.
Lost the Pearl?
Aye.
I defended
her mightily enough,
but she be sunk nonetheless.
If that ship
be sunk properly,
you should be sunk with it.
Captain Barbossa,
each second we tarry,
the Spanish outdistance us.
I have every confidence
you will prevail
and be rewarded
with the high station
you so desire.
To serve doth suffice, sire.
You, sir, have stooped.
Jack, our sands
be all but run.
Where's the harm in
joining the winning side?
And you do meet
a nicer class of person.
I understand everything.
Except that wig.
[man] He's getting away!
Stop him!
[man 2] Head him off!
[man 3] No!
Stop that pirate!
[men shouting indistinctly]
Come down!
He escaped?
Leave it to me, sire.
Guards! Guards!
[horse whinnies]
[people chattering
indistinctly]
Arms at ready!
Sir!
Find him!
[whistle trilling]
Finders keepers!
There!
[grunts]
[shrieks]
Oh...
[gasps]
[sighs]
Is that it?
Oh!
[man] Halt!
Stop that carriage!
[man 2] Head him off!
[soldiers shouting
indistinctly]
Out of the way!
[horse whinnies]
[whinnies]
[man] Stop that pirate!
[clamoring]
[man] Move out of the way!
[grunts]
[man] Stop that man!
[man] Don't let him get away!
[man 2] Hi-yah! Hi-yah!
Fire!
[grunts]
Whoa! He's getting away!
After him! Stop him!
After him!
[sign creaking]
[distant buoy bell clangs]
[seagulls crying]
[man] Filthy pirate.
[gun cocks]
[gun fires]
[grunts]
Hello, Jackie.
Hello, Dad.
Whoo! [laughs]
[up-tempo music plays]
[snoring]
[laughter]
[Teague] I heard you're
putting together a crew.
If enough people keep
saying it, it must be true.
I heard where you're headed.
The Fountain.
Have you been there?
Does this face look like it's been
to the Fountain of Youth?
Depends on the light.
Son, the Fountain.
There'll be items required
for the profane ritual.
Two chalices.
On the map
there was a chalice.
Two, silver.
From the Ponce de Leon ship.
You'll need both.
For?
The ritual.
Don't be a fool, Jackie.
Find out every detail
before you set sail.
Oh, set sail. Love to.
But for that,
I may need a ship.
Those folk, over there,
they have a ship.
They're signing up
sailors right now.
♪ My heart
is pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain all
glittering gold ♪
And one
last thing, Jackie.
The Fountain will test you.
Mark my words.
♪ My heart
is pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain all
glittering gold ♪
♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
[laughter]
I hear you been
recruiting a crew.
Aye. That is,
Jack Sparrow be putting
together a modest venture.
You got some nerve,
ain't ya?
Turning up here
dressed like that?
What are you,
some kind of impostor?
Have you any idea
who I am, mate?
[cackles]
Oi, muckers!
There's a bloke here what's
forgotten his own name!
[jeering laughter]
[door opens]
[man] Lads,
I'm sailing with Sparrow.
Who'll buy
a sailor a drink?
[cheering]
[man] Who's next?
[man] Bring us
some more of those ones.
Yeah, make it four.
You've stolen me, and I'm
here to take meself back.
Stop doing that.
[grunts]
[creaking]
[swords clanking]
[grunts]
Only one person alive
knows that move.
[gasps]
Always wanted to do that.
Hello, Angelica.
[gasps]
Hello, Jack.
Are you impressed?
I think I almost killed you
once or twice there.
I'm touched at this most
sincerest form of flattery.
But why?
You were the only pirate
I thought I would pass for.
That is not a compliment.
[buttons clattering]
Don't worry, Jack.
I forgave you
a long time ago.
For what? For leaving you?
Recall that I left you.
A gentleman allows a lady
to maintain her fictions.
Look, Sparrow. As long as
my sailors get their money,
they're willing
to put up with any number
of peculiarities.
Ah. There is
one peculiarity
with which I will
not put up with.
I will be impersonated
as "Captain." Nothing less.
Well, for that,
you need a ship,
and as it turns out,
I have one.
I could use a ship.
I hear tell you've
been to the Fountain.
There be a lot
of hear-telling
going on these days.
The Fountain of Youth.
Dearest Angelica, fret not.
You still have
a few usable years left.
[chuckles]
Always so charming.
You didn't answer me.
Eh?
Aye. Regarding the Fountain.
Waste of time, really...
[man] Milady, I see
unseamanlike fellows
of an officious-looking
nature.
[man] Wretched pirates!
Find 'em! Maggots!
[men shouting]
[pounding on door]
Friends of yours?
I may have unintentionally
slighted some king or other.
[man] Open it!
[pounding]
Yeah, you haven't changed.
Implying the need?
Yes.
[man] Open this door,
in the name of His Majesty.
You betrayed me.
You seduced me
and you used me.
I was innocent
of the ways of men.
You demonstrated a lot
of technique for someone
I supposedly corrupted.
Imminent danger.
Here, now, milady!
[man] Open it!
I was ready to take my vows.
And you...
What were you doing in
a Spanish convent, anyway?
Mistook it for a brothel.
Honest mistake.
[pounding]
[men shouting]
There he is!
Over there!
[grunting]
[indistinct shouting]
We are at a disadvantage.
Speak for yourself.
Unlike some who pretend
to be,
but cannot, in fact,
hold a candle to,
I am
Captain Jack Sparrow.
[gasping]
How can you say
I used you?
You know exactly how.
I know, but how
can you say it?
[growls]
[distant buoy bell clanging]
[Angelica] So, what is it?
[Jack] What is what?
About the Fountain.
What do you know?
You don't happen
to be in possession
of two silver chalices,
circa Ponce de Leon?
No.
Ha. Thought not.
Why?
I hear stories.
Rumors.
You are, of course,
aware of the ritual.
Yes, I am.
Hmm.
What is it?
What is required?
[projectile whizzes]
[grunts]
Hmm?
A mermaid, Jack.
[dog barking]
[Gibbs]
There's been a mistake.
It's a life sentence,
not death. Life!
Barbossa.
Thank you, gentlemen.
I trust
you can tie a noose.
That's a hard thing,
forcing a man to twist
his own hanging rope.
You must lie in your bed
the way you made it.
What's happened to you?
Where be Jack Sparrow?
He escaped. [chuckles]
I'm on a tight
schedule, Gibbs.
The HMS Providence
sets sail at first light,
and if you do not care
to watch it,
hanging here dead,
with a mouth full of flies...
...speak now.
Take me with you.
Any point of the compass...
Take you where, Gibbs?
The Fountain? Aye?
Is that where
Jack be headed?
Have you anything
you can offer me, Gibbs?
Anything at all?
Upon me naked word,
you'll not see the dawn.
[rope creaking]
Hand it over.
You fool!
I had just enough time
to study those
infernal circles.
Every route,
every destination.
All safe... in here.
Welcome back
to His Majesty's navy,
Master Gibbs.
[waves crashing]
[wood creaking]
[snoring]
[grunts]
[man] Show a leg, sailor!
Aye, sir.
What?
[chickens clucking]
There's been
a horrible mistake.
Keep moving.
[men shouting]
I'm not supposed to be here.
Many a man's woken up
at sea,
no idea what, when,
wherefore or why.
No memory of the night afore,
whence he signed up
and drank away
all his bonus money.
No, no, no.
You don't understand, mate.
I'm Captain Jack Sparrow.
The original. The only.
Scrum, and the pleasure's
all mine. Now, keep moving.
[distant chattering]
Scrum.
[man] Get your elbows in!
Why is there a glass coffin?
Do I look like
a man in charge?
Where am I?
'Scuse me,
Captain Sparrow, sir.
I be right honored
to welcome you aboard our
world-renowned
vessel of infamy,
Queen Anne's Revenge.
Blackbeard.
[indistinct shouting]
Work!
[screams]
[Jack] He's a curious one.
[Scrum] He's been
zombiefied.
Eh?
Zombiefied.
Blackbeard's doing.
All the officers
are the same.
Makes 'em more compliant.
[shouts]
And perpetually ill-tempered.
Come on. Scrub.
Yeah.
[crew chanting]
Pull! Pull! Pull!
[grunting]
[Jack] Five days underway,
at least.
Aye. You can tell that
by the smell of the sea?
Smell of the crew.
[seagulls crying]
[Jack] Oi. What did
that poor sod do?
And how can I
make sure to not?
Him? Churchly fellow.
Always going on about
the Lord Almighty.
Bible-thumper on this ship?
A missionary
is his story.
What I heard was
he got captured in a raid.
Rest of the ship
got killed, but not 'im.
First mate
wouldn't let it happen
on account of his premier
standing with the Lord.
A first mate sticking her
neck out for some prisoner.
That you don't see.
"Her"?
First mate is a "her"?
[man] Back to work!
Steady as she goes.
[gasps]
[blade unsheathes]
You are a ruthless,
soulless, cross-grained cur.
I told you I had a ship.
No, Blackbeard has a ship,
upon which I am
now imprisoned.
We can do this, Jack.
The Fountain of Youth,
like you always wanted.
Blackbeard. Edward Teach.
The pirate all pirates fear.
Resurrector of the dead
in his spare time.
He will listen to me.
He listens to no one.
Maybe to his own daughter?
Daughter as in... beget by?
Long-lost.
Recently found.
Who loves her dear papa
with all her soul.
He bought that?
I sold that.
[footsteps approaching]
Then it's the Fountain
of Youth for him,
or him and you,
not you and me.
No, Jack,
that's the best part.
He will be dead.
Ah.
You'll be handling
that part yourself, then?
There is a prophecy.
Maybe you don't believe
in the supernatural.
Oh, no, no.
I've seen a thing or two.
The prophecy is this:
Blackbeard will
meet his death within
a fortnight
at the hands
of a one-legged man.
That's why he needs
the Fountain, Jack.
[Barbossa] Oh, Master Gibbs,
short we are a map.
Perhaps you'd be so kind
as to provide us an heading.
Be a gem
and pour me a gulper.
Nay. We be privateers,
not pirates, Master Gibbs.
And in the king's name,
we behave as such.
Aye, Captain.
Be we on the
proper course, Gibbs?
Aye, it be proper.
There's your proof.
The Spaniard.
All hands! Battle stations!
Get to windward!
[man] All hands, windward!
Harden up two points!
[man] Two points!
Cast loose the cannons!
Gunners, take posts!
[man] Take position!
Gunners ready, sir!
Out! Thrust!
Await orders.
[man] Steady!
Guns armed,
awaiting orders, sir.
Sir. Orders, sir?
He never so much
as turned his head.
The Fountain is the prize.
It appears we be not
even worth the time
it'd take to sink us.
And now we've fallen behind.
All hands, make more sail!
All hands more sail!
Ride hard between
wind and tide!
The topic, gentlemen,
is mutiny.
Mutiny most foul.
Aye. I signed up to sail
under Jack Sparrow,
not some pretender.
And a lady, at that.
And mention was failed to
be made of this uncanny crew.
Make my toes curl, they do.
[swords rattling]
I got 'em. All of 'em.
[Jack] Well done.
Good lad.
On to it, then.
Blackbeard.
What are his habits?
Stays mostly to his cabin.
That's right,
mostly to his cabin.
Yes, but when
he comes out...
He don't really come out.
[all muttering]
He must come out sometime.
Not really, no.
[all muttering]
Any of you
sail with him before?
No, no. Definitely not.
I've never.
Any of you seen him before?
Not really, no.
Stays to his cabin,
no one sailed with him,
no one's seen him...
Good news, gentlemen.
This is not
Blackbeard's ship.
This is not the
Queen Anne's Revenge.
No, this be the
Queen Anne's Revenge,
right enough.
How do you know?
I've seen the name,
on the back of the ship.
[Jack] Gentlemen, sirs,
fellow conscriptees...
...you have been
monstrously deceived.
We are decepted, then?
Yes.
You've nay been informed
of a destination.
Death lies before us
as we sail for the
Fountain of Youth.
[all muttering]
[Jack] It would be
a sorry plight, mates.
Death, for certain.
The garden of
darkened souls.
Untimely our ends will be.
Unless...
...we take the ship.
We take the ship, then. Now!
[clattering]
Go on, then.
[all yelling]
Help me, shipmates!
Give it to 'em!
Wake up! It's ours!
Come on!
Get up! Off your backside!
[indistinct shouting]
Get off your fannies!
Take it to them, lads!
Help me! Fight!
Mmm... Jack.
If this is a dream, you can
keep the sword and boots on.
If it's not...
It's a dream.
[clamoring]
No, it's not!
I thought I should
give you fair warning,
we're taking the ship.
[speaks Spanish]
Nothing personal.
[speaking Spanish]
Think you might be
better off if you just...
[Angelica] Yah!
...stay out of it.
[all yelling]
[grunting]
[growls]
[roaring]
Boggit.
[yells]
[man] Wretch!
[shouts]
You're either with us
or against us!
I am not with you,
neither am I against you!
Can he do that?
He's religious.
I believe it's required.
[gasps, panting]
Fight to the bitter end,
you cack-handed deck apes!
Take him, men.
Tie him down tight!
[grunting]
The ship is ours!
[sighs]
[wind whistling]
Gentlemen.
I be placed
in a bewilderment.
There I were, resting,
and upon a sudden, I hear
an ungodly row on deck.
[sword vibrates]
Sailors abandon their posts
without orders,
without leave.
Men before the mast,
taking the ship
for themselves.
What be that, First Mate?
Mutiny, Captain.
Again?
[Angelica] Mutiny!
Aye.
Mutiny.
And what fate
befalls mutineers?
Now, we know the answer
to that, do we not?
Mutineers hang!
[all shouting]
[shouting]
[yells]
Whoa!
Captain, I wish
to report a mutiny.
I can name fingers
and point names.
No need, Mr. Sparrow.
They are sheep.
You, their shepherd.
Have I mentioned, sir,
what a lovely daughter
you have?
A fitting last sight
for a doomed soul.
Remember, Father.
We need him.
If I don't kill
a man every now and then,
they forget who I am.
[man] Coward!
Hmm?
They do not forget.
Your crew sees you
for the miscreant you are.
A coward, no matter
how many you slay.
Twice in one day, I find
myself in a bewilderment.
You are not bewildered,
you are afraid.
You dare not walk the path
of righteousness,
the way of the light.
No, sir. The truth is it
be much simpler than all that.
I am a bad man.
That, too.
I might have to kill
you too, catechist.
No!
All Latin blood
like her mother.
Father, I beg you.
Ah, there I be again,
forgetting why the
missionary is here.
My daughter
fears for my soul,
or what's left of it.
You truly wish to save me,
my child?
Every soul can be saved.
Be that true, young cleric?
Yes. Though you I see
as a bit of a long shot.
Still, I pray for
every unfortunate soul
on this hell-bound vessel.
You disarm me
with your faith.
Eight bells!
Which of you unfortunate
souls stood watch?
I did. I stood watch.
[chuckles] Gunner.
You?
Aye.
[breathes heavily]
[Blackbeard] Aye.
The cook. Perfect.
Lower the longboat!
Bring her about!
[ship groans]
Why do you do this?
Mutiny. Our laws be clear.
Our laws allow the Captain
to show leniency.
I have given this man
a chance to determine
his fate,
a gift not afforded to all.
Oh, you now.
Chance to show the worth
of your prayers.
Pray he be delivered
from... evil?
Course made!
Stop. Give that man
a chance. Give yourself a...
[screams]
You know when I feel
closest to our Maker?
When I see suffering,
pain and anguish.
That's when the true design
of this world is revealed.
And I see it revealed
when in times of hardship
and tragedy,
kindness and compassion
are shown to those in need.
Perhaps you should pray
for him to be unharmed, yes?
Please, there's
still hope...
Again!
I actually have no interest
in the Fountain whatsoever,
so, if your heart is set,
you may drop me off
anywhere you like.
That'll be all, Quartermaster.
Your words surround you like
fog and make you hard to see.
And what of you,
the mighty Blackbeard?
Beheaded they say.
Still, your body swam
three times around your ship,
then climbed back on board.
And here you are,
running scared.
Scared.
To the Fountain.
[Blackbeard]
The Quartermaster sees
things before they happen.
He has
foreseen my death, and so
the fates have spoken.
The threads
of destiny woven.
[Jack] You have a ridiculously
high regard for fate, mate.
And you?
Me?
I'm skeptical
of predicting any future...
which includes me.
It'd be foolish
to battle fate, but I'd be
tempted to cheat it.
I will reach the Fountain.
You will lead me.
That knife will
serve you no better
than the mutiny
you devised.
Mutiny served me well.
It gained me
an audience with you.
Oh?
Aye.
To warn you.
Regarding your first mate,
who pretends to be persons
she is not.
Do tell.
She is not your daughter.
[Blackbeard] You dare
to speak thusly
of my flesh and blood?
[Jack] Sir, the woman
is consummate in
the art of deception.
I know.
As I mostly unwittingly
set her on her wicked path.
Though I cannot
claim credit
for her existing abundance
of natural talent.
Angelica. [inhales]
My beloved daughter,
the one true good thing
I have done in this life,
and you claim to be the one
who corrupted her?
Sir, what she is
is pure evil.
More to be feared
than a wild beast.
Hungry wild beast
with gnashing teeth.
Vengeful, hungry
from hell beast...
Father?
Sweetness!
[groans]
[Angelica] No need
to hurt him, Father.
He will help us.
Won't you, Jack?
You see? Even now,
she attends to your welfare,
giving lie to the claims
you make of her.
[grunts]
You will lead us
to the Fountain. Yes?
[Blackbeard]
Put another way.
If I do not make it
to the Fountain in time...
...neither will you.
[fire sizzling]
I'll have a wee look-see
at those charts
straight away then, shall I?
Sir.
Aye?
Captain, sir,
I am unhappy to
report rumors, sir,
among the crew,
as to our destination.
Shut your trap and make way.
[sighs]
That's the way of it, then.
No disrespect, sir.
What do the men fear?
Say it. Speak the words.
Whitecap Bay.
Aye, Whitecap Bay.
And every worthless seaman
fears the name,
and rightly so,
though few know why
or dare to ask.
Be the stories true?
Say what robs you of
your staunch heart, Gibbs,
or forever leave it
to the wider fields of fancy.
Mermaids, Captain.
Aye. Mermaids.
[crew murmuring]
Sea ghouls,
devil fish, dreadful in
hunger for flesh of man.
Mermaid waters,
that be our path.
Cling to your soul, Gibbs,
as mermaids be given
to take the rest...
...to the bone.
[crew chattering]
Steady! Steady, men!
Find your courage,
or be ready
to purpose your fear!
[man] Save yourselves!
[man] Man overboard!
Nay! A deserter.
Come about.
Nay!
Gentlemen, I shall not ask
any more of any man than what
that man can deliver,
but I do ask this:
Are we not king's men?
[all quietly] Aye.
On the king's mission?
[all louder] Aye.
I did not note any fear
in the eyes of the Spanish
as they passed us by.
Are we not king's men?
[all shout] Aye!
Aye! Hands all off,
and bear away!
Stave on ahead
to Whitecap Bay!
[man] Bear on, Whitecap Bay!
[man plays up-tempo
guitar music]
Hola...
Come. Little drink?
Wine, music, candlelight.
I think we've traveled down
this road before, Jack.
Yes, we have.
I remember it well.
Winding, twisting and
turning, gyrating, writhing.
Incessant writhing.
Do you recall
Saint Dominique?
La Martinique.
I tried to kill you
in Saint Dominique.
Either or.
Hardly appropriate
for a first mate.
Was I the first?
I've often wondered.
You can be so charming
when you want something, Jack.
The trick is
finding out what.
[Jack] The truth,
then, is it?
Blackbeard has served
his purpose.
You and I can go to
the Fountain together,
where we shall
bathe one another
in equal shares of fame
and other assorted
debaucheries.
And I'll tell you
the ritual of the Fountain.
Yes. The profane ritual.
[gasps]
[inhales deeply]
Can I trust you, Jack?
I need you on my side.
Oh, my dearest Angelica.
You and I are as
thick as thieves, love.
Tell me the rules.
Water from the
Fountain of Youth.
The shimmering tear
of a mermaid.
The silver chalices
of Ponce de Leon.
Uh-huh?
With these items...
Yes?
With these items,
you may take all the years
of life from another, Jack.
Eh?
You know what that means.
We cannot go alone,
you and I.
The ritual
requires a victim.
That is unfortunate.
Yes, it is.
I find my desire for the
Fountain greatly lessened.
But there is something
on board you do want.
What about Blackbeard?
He's in the chart room.
We'll have to be quick.
[door creaks]
He keeps each ship
as a prize.
You help me, and I
promise you your pick.
Though I think I know
the one you will choose.
[thundering]
The Black Pearl
in a bottle?
Why is the Black Pearl
[chittering]
[shouts] Oh!
He's even more
annoying in miniature.
Do we have a deal, Jack?
Angelica, I know you.
You are not going to steal
the life of some innocent man.
What about the
one-legged man?
[door creaks]
I need years, Jack.
Not for me. For my father.
I am truly the daughter
of Blackbeard.
[inhales] You've fallen
for your own con, love.
No, he is my father.
The lies I told you
were not lies.
You lied to me
by telling me the truth?
Yes.
That's very good.
May I use that?
I'm sure you will, anyway.
Of course I will.
So, will you not
give up this quest?
I want a father, Jack.
I haven't had one.
Angelica,
your father, Blackbeard...
...he is evil,
and he will kill you
given the chance.
He cannot be saved.
And who are you to set
the limits on redemption?
You stole years of my life,
Jack. You owe me.
And you are en route
to getting yourself killed,
and I am not inclined
to stand by and watch.
[man shouting] Whitecap Bay!
[bell ringing]
All hands on deck!
Set to the longboats!
[indistinct chatter]
[Blackbeard]
Lay 'em out flat!
No tangles. Make 'em look
pretty for our dainty guests.
We're gonna need light.
A lot of light.
Come!
Smell that? Whale oil.
Stuff burns like
a miracle from God.
Can you make it work?
Made by the English.
Let's not get our hopes up.
[wood creaking]
The old moon in
the arms of the new one.
First of the summer.
Perfect for hunting
a mermaid's tear.
We're doomed. They be drawn
to man-made light.
Sharks?
Worse than sharks, boy.
There'll be mermaids upon us
within the hour,
you mark my words.
And we're the bait.
I heard it said a kiss
from a mermaid protects
a sailor from drowning.
Don't be a fool!
Mermaids are all female, son,
and lovely
as a dream of heaven.
But when it comes time
to churn butter,
so to speak,
they snatch a sailor
out of a boat
or off the deck of a ship,
have their way,
and then the sailors
are pulled to bottom
and drowned and eaten.
Or, sometimes,
the other way around.
[Gunner] Sing.
What?
They like to hear singing.
♪ My name is Maria ♪
♪ A merchant's daughter fair ♪
Louder.
♪ And I have left
my parents ♪
♪ And 3,000 pounds a year ♪
♪ My heart is
pierced by Cupid ♪
[cocks gun]
♪ I disdain
all glittering gold ♪
[all] ♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
♪ My heart
is pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain
all glittering gold ♪
♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
Lord save me.
Man, look. Look there.
[gasps]
[grunts]
You'll scare her off!
Aye, and good riddance!
Can you talk?
Yes.
You're beautiful.
Are you the one who sings?
[Scrum] Aye.
Are you my jolly sailor bold?
[chuckles]
Aye, that I be.
Scrum, comport yourself!
Boys! There ain't much
been given to me
in my brief, miserable life,
there's the truth in it.
But, by God,
I'll have it said
that Scrum had himself a kiss
from a proper mermaid!
[grunts]
[mermaid] ♪ My heart
is pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain
all glittering gold ♪
♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
♪ Come all
ye pretty fair maids ♪
♪ Whoever you may be ♪
♪ Who love
a jolly sailor bold ♪
♪ That plow
the raging sea ♪
♪ My heart is
pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain
all glittering gold ♪
♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
♪ My heart
is pierced by Cupid ♪
♪ I disdain
all glittering gold ♪
♪ There is nothing
can console me ♪
♪ But my jolly sailor bold ♪
[hissing]
[muffled scream]
[shrieks]
[grunts]
[men shouting]
[shrieking]
[shouting]
[men shouting]
Out upon it! It has begun!
[all grunting]
[shouting]
[mermaids hissing]
[men screaming]
[shrieking]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[shrieking continues]
[indistinct screaming]
[gurgling]
Light 'em up!
Muster your courage!
Drive 'em to shore!
[grunts]
[mermaid screams]
Nets into the water!
Quickly!
[shrieking continues]
[all shouting]
[sword vibrates]
[mermaids shrieking]
[net whips]
[whipping continues]
[grunting]
[men screaming]
[shrieks]
[screams]
[all shouting]
Retreat, all, to land!
For your lives!
[shrieks and screams continue]
Retreat, I say!
Cowards! Back in the water!
There be no refuge on land!
On my word!
[yelps]
[shrieks of
approaching mermaids]
[gasps]
[hissing]
Come on!
[all clamoring]
[shrieks]
[grunts]
[screams]
[breathes heavily]
[grunting]
[faint screaming, shrieking]
[grunts]
[muffled shrieking]
We got one!
I'm in love!
Check the wounded!
See if you can find
one mermaid still alive!
[groans]
[splashing nearby]
[gasps]
[panting]
[hissing]
Come, give a hand!
[hisses]
Well done, sailor.
Did everyone see that?
Because I will not
be doing it again.
Back to the ship. We head
for a protected cove. Now.
[hissing]
[man] Lord. Is that...?
[Gibbs] Mermaid.
Give up this madness now.
I cannot.
Ever walk on the beach,
look back and see your
footsteps in the sand?
It's like that, except
the footsteps lie before me.
Footstep, actually.
Whitecap Bay, sir.
We must hasten.
[shrieking]
[men screaming]
We travel by foot.
Gibbs, I require a heading.
But, sir, the men.
They be dead already.
They don't sound dead.
Oh, is that so?
Well, I hear nothing
but seagulls nesting.
What is it that you hear,
Mr. Groves?
[men continue shrieking]
Seagulls... nesting.
Nothing more.
Heading, Gibbs?
[wood creaking]
[screaming continues]
My God.
[gun cocking]
Your head or my heading.
I'll have me one or t'other,
I don't care which.
[panting]
All hands, forward!
It's to you now, Sparrow.
Was that really necessary?
Best you not know the exact
whereabouts of my ship.
I be a cautious man.
So be I.
What I want first...
[clicking]
...is Ponce De Leon's ship.
[insects chittering]
[birds squawking]
Why is it we've got
to bring her along?
Because tears don't keep.
We need them fresh.
What is the ritual again?
Water from the Fountain
and a mermaid's tear?
And two silver chalices.
One cup with a tear,
one without.
So, one with a tear
and water in both?
Quite complicated,
is it not?
Both get water.
One gets a tear.
The person who drinks
the water with the tear
gets all the years
of life from the other.
How many years? Whoa.
All the years
that they have lived,
and they could have lived,
if fate had been kinder.
[hissing]
Clergyman.
On the off chance that this
does not go well for me,
I would like it noted
here and now
that I am fully prepared
to believe in whatever I must,
so that I may be
welcomed into that place
where all the goody-goodies
get to go. Savvy?
We have
a word for that, Jack.
You can convert.
I was thinking more
of an as-needed basis.
[gasping]
Quartermaster!
Aye?
She cannot breathe!
She has water.
She needs air!
Open this.
She will escape.
You're killing her.
I support the
missionary's position.
[laughs]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[panting]
See?
Onward.
Just as I thought.
Not this way!
This is the way,
isn't it?
'Course it is,
but we should go
around to the east.
That would take us out of
the path of the chalices.
Well, then
we'll circle back.
There is no time.
You're the one
who insisted on bringing
the bloody mermaid.
Well, the mutiny
didn't help.
You walk like a girl.
You would know.
Someone must go.
You mean split up?
You mean jump?
This I cannot wait to see.
Sparrow will go.
Find the ship,
retrieve the chalices.
Sparrow? What makes you
think he will come back?
Yes, what makes you think
he will come back?
We cannot trust him, Father.
I'll go.
She'll go.
How much farther
to the Fountain?
I'm running out of time.
About a day's march north,
following that river,
you'll get to
a series of pools.
Then you're close.
You will go.
I was sure
it would come to this.
You know that feeling
you get sometimes
when you're standing
in a high place?
Sudden urge to jump?
I don't have it.
[gun cocks]
I need those chalices.
Shoot. Save me
the bother of the fall.
You will go.
You will return...
...or I will kill her.
You won't kill
your own daughter.
Quartermaster,
get me six more pistols,
remove the shot
from all but two,
but do not
tell me which two.
You get to choose,
Mr. Sparrow.
Oh.
No. Mmm... No.
Yes.
You're sure?
'Course I am.
[gun clicks]
Again.
Please,
they're not even loaded.
[all gasp]
Again.
If you're so keen
on killing her,
why don't you just
let her jump?
What?
Mm-mm!
If you jump and die,
then she will
have her chance.
Again.
Oi... if I jump,
will I survive?
The doll.
[chanting in foreign language]
[Jack screaming]
[doll splashes in water]
Yes, now you will survive.
This is nonsense! I'm going!
[screaming]
[gasps]
Wet. Wet again.
[Quartermaster] We go on.
Due north to the Fountain.
Well played, Father.
You knew which guns
were loaded, right?
Of course, my love.
Be nice to have
a map about now.
Or a ship.
[crickets chittering]
Stop!
Hold very still.
Ye dare not let it
touch your skin.
What? What be wrong with
an older man having a hobby?
What are you
stopping for, eh?
Push on!
You can sleep
when you're dead. Push on!
Fortune continues
to favor us.
The Santiago.
Famously captained
by Ponce de Leon.
Oh. There's no one there.
Right, then.
[seagulls crying]
[glass shatters]
[panting]
We must not stop.
[gasps]
You will walk.
[grunts] I cannot.
Walk or die.
Put your arms around me.
I do not ask for help.
But you need it.
We're in a hurry, yes?
Do not fall behind.
Hold here till I say!
Such beauty.
Surely you're one of
God's own creations,
and not a descendant
of those dark creatures
who found
no refuge on the Ark.
Such beauty...
...and yet deadly.
Deadly? No.
You attacked me.
No. You are different.
Different?
Are you not? You protect.
[mutters] Did you...?
You pushed me down
out of the way.
You see the Fountain?
No, but we are close.
Bring the creature.
Cover its head.
She has a name!
Pray tell.
She is Syrena.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[wood creaking]
[wind whistling]
Ponce de Leon.
[Barbossa] If 40 pirates
dreamt 40 nights of treasure,
it would not match
the contents of this room.
You.
No...
...you.
I was here first.
You, why are you here?
Blackbeard sent me.
Why are you?
Silver chalices
for my royal liege.
Oh, please.
Back, back! We have
to balance it out!
The whole ship will slide!
Right, then.
What if we each choose
an item of approximately
equal weight?
Put it back!
We touch nothing!
[objects rattling]
What about that?
The chalices.
Oi! Why do you
get to look first?
Fine, then.
[ship groaning]
[grunts]
[both] Together.
[Jack] Rocks.
The Spanish.
They're ahead of us, mate.
I shall have
a look at that map.
If it's what I fear...
[grunts]
[mutters indistinctly]
[coin tinkles]
I wonder why they
left this behind.
[whispering]
Don't touch the map.
Oh.
They know the path,
but I can also see where
they'll most likely make camp.
[Gibbs] Jack!
Shh!
Gibbs, I was just on me way
to break you out of jail.
Hmm.
You stole my map.
Oh!
Right. Best be started.
Ole.
[Blackbeard] Mermaids.
Careful, these pools run deep.
If she escapes, all is lost.
Quartermaster.
[hissing]
[Blackbeard] Look. Look!
Staked out to die,
to dry in the sun.
Only half in the water.
Not enough to live,
but just enough to make
the dying slow.
Think on it.
Your people, murdered,
harvested for their tears.
Syrena, won't you cry?
All die, even you.
Soon, I hear.
Listen...
[hisses]
Listen.
Can you not hear
your sisters scream?
[faint shrieks]
Do you not hear them?
We need but one tear.
[gasps]
Vile creature!
Chop off her fingers,
one by one!
Choke her!
[man] Cut out the tears
from behind the eyes!
Where's your voice in this?
Maybe she'll have
a change of heart
when the sun rises.
Oh, aye,
she will burn,
but I cannot
wait for the sun.
Perhaps we should
build a fire.
No.
Do not contest me, cleric.
You will not torture her.
We need only one tear.
I will tear every scale
from her body one by one
if I see fit.
If that displeases you,
go pray.
I was wrong. Not every soul
can be saved. Yours cannot.
Behold, gentlemen,
a man formerly of faith.
That vile creature,
as you call her,
is worth
a hundred of you.
Oh, you care for her?
You fancy her.
And do not deny what is
clear to my eyes.
Question is...
...does she fancy you?
By God, she does.
We are in luck!
Bring forth a tear...
...or witness the death
of this poor soul.
[grunts, gasps]
[hisses]
Syrena, if you could
manage a tear,
I would be grateful.
Sadness, yes,
but no sorrow... yet.
Not by your hand, Father!
Time and tide wait for none.
Quartermaster.
[grunt]
[pained cry]
Ooh, aye,
mermaids are tough.
The lot of them.
Tie her up like the others.
And get rid of this.
[Syrena struggling]
You are confident?
Yes.
I am a woman.
So is she.
[grunting]
[Gibbs]
What's your play, Jack?
Throwing in with Barbossa.
There is a girl...
...a female...
of the opposite sex.
When is there not?
Perhaps I should
say "damsel."
You're rescuing a damsel?
Well, there's a first.
Yes, but it's just that
I may have caused said damsel
some manner of harm
many moons ago.
Out with it.
Gibbs, this is
the woman from Seville.
Ah, you pretended
to love her,
then you left her
and broke her heart.
Worse. I may have had,
briefly, mind you...
...stirrings.
Stirrings?
Stirrings.
What? Like feelings,
you mean?
No, no, no.
Not quite all the way
to feelings. More like...
All right,
feelings, damn you.
And you left her still.
Ooh, that's low.
Thank you.
[branch snaps]
Shh!
Stealth over force.
I'll take it from here
on account of your condition.
You don't have
termites, do you?
I appreciate
your concern, Jack,
but I'll be keeping
you company all the same.
Hold here,
Lieutenant Commander.
Wait for my signal.
[indistinct chattering]
[indistinct chatter]
[Barbossa] There. That one.
That be the leader.
Make note of his tent
because that's where...
No, wait. By God,
that must be them
right there.
[sniffing]
Your sword smells funny.
Aye. Poison from the
innards of poisonous toads.
Just a scratch,
you're a dead man in minutes.
Would you mind pointing it
the other way?
I don't like toads.
What are you doing?
Planning an escape route.
Isn't that how you do it?
Yes.
Or sometimes I just...
improvise.
Now what?
We stroll out,
slow and steady.
Just like we belong.
[all grunting]
[swords clanging]
[guns cocking]
[groaning]
[animal chirping nearby]
[footsteps approaching]
[panting] I'm sorry, Syrena.
Philip, you're alive.
Yes.
You came for me.
Why?
You're different,
are you not?
Do you know not of kindness?
Compassion?
[grunting, yelling]
Tears of sorrow, never.
Mermaids be
too tough for that.
But tears of joy...
They say these be
the more potent anyway.
Syrena, on my word,
I had no part in this.
Let her go.
You don't need her now.
Let her go? No.
Secure her bonds.
We leave her with her own.
[Jack] How's that
escape route working?
Here's your chance
to improvise.
I'm attempting it.
I might be able to get
a hand loose.
Oh, you got a knife.
That's very good.
Better.
[liquid sloshing]
I want one of those.
Here's to revenge.
Sweet and clear.
Revenge?
Come, come, Hector.
If you wanted
the chalices,
you'd seen they were
missing and gone.
You were lying in wait,
for Blackbeard.
Oh?
King George.
Privateer. Wig.
Cheap theatrical facade.
I'm not buying it.
You weren't there that night.
When the Pearl was lost?
Taken, not lost.
We were off the coast
of Hispaniola when
we came under attack.
[ship creaking]
No provocation nor warning
nor offer of parley.
We were peppered
with cannon fire.
[shots firing]
And then the sea beneath
the Pearl began to roil.
[sea roiling]
The Pearl was pitching
and yawing violently.
Every plank, every rail,
every spar, all at once,
began to creak.
The rigging had come to life.
[ship creaking]
Our own ship
turned against us...
...tangling the crew,
wrapping around 'em
like snakes.
And wrapping around me leg.
But me arms were free
and me sword was to hand.
I am the master of me ship,
not Blackbeard.
I am the master of my fate,
So I did what needed done.
I survived.
So... you're not
after the Fountain.
I care not for King George
or tavern yarns
that give hope
for a healed limb.
But I'd give my left arm
for a chance at Blackbeard.
Not your right?
I need me good arm
to drive my poisoned blade
through his heart.
I'll see you get
the chance, mate.
[soft grunting]
[indistinct chatter
in Spanish]
[tree creaking]
[wind whistling]
[creaking]
The prisoner's escaping.
[grunting]
He's escaping!
Fan out! Find him!
Go! Go!
[gunfire]
Hold your fire!
I want him alive!
[shouting in Spanish]
I figured
that was the signal.
[men yelling]
[men shouting]
[men shouting in Spanish]
Go! Prepare to move out!
The enemy is soon upon us.
I'm sorry about
the chalices, Jack,
but I've an
appointment to keep.
I'll not be going back.
No need.
Shall we have a drink?
We'll drink at the Fountain.
[birds chirping]
[gasps]
How is it we can never meet
without you pointing
something at me?
You brought the chalices,
Sparrow?
Aye. Oi!
[pig oinking]
[Angelica] I see you
brought a friend.
[Jack] I did.
And the one-legged man,
he is near. Aye?
Aye.
Now... Before I go
just handing them over,
I do have one
or two conditions.
Name them.
Firstly,
I'll be having
me compass back.
No, no,
that's secondly.
Firstly, upon your word,
you will bring
no harm to Angelica.
[Blackbeard] I'll make
no vows to the likes
of you, Sparrow.
But it costs me
nothing to admit
that she was never
in harm's way.
Secondly then,
priorly firstly,
I will be having
me compass back.
Please? I do deserve it.
Do you have any idea
how difficult it was
to catch that filthy pig?
Not the big one,
the four-legged one.
Thank you.
And thirdly, Mr. Beard,
there are times,
not very often,
when I do reflect
upon my heinous misdeeds.
Chief among them,
I note how poorly I have
treated Mr. Gibbs,
my loyal first mate.
Aye! Now you bring it up...
Left him to rot in jail,
I did. Didn't care.
Still don't. But, point being,
you must let him go free.
Is that it?
I think so.
Quick, or the pig runs,
and good luck getting
those chalices.
Jack, if it's all the same
to you, I'd be just as...
Done.
Release the swine.
[squealing]
Perhaps, if you don't mind,
I could tag along
with you folk for a...
This will lead you
to freedom, mate.
I could have swore it was
somewhere right around here.
[crackling]
We must not stop.
Aha! Dead end.
Dead. End.
[Jack] Dead end.
Jack, I'm starting to think
you don't know
where you're going.
It is not the destination
so much as the journey,
they say.
Chalices, if you please.
Stand back.
[chalices clinking,
tone echoing]
[clears throat]
Jack...
...have you ever, in fact...
...seen with
your own eyes...
the Fountain of Youth?
I'm sorry, could you repeat
the question, please?
Quartermaster.
[gun cocking]
No, no!
[firing, bullet ricocheting]
[gun cocking]
Wait, wait! Wait.
"Aqua... de Vida."
[low rumbling]
Master Scrum...
...do you mind?
Squire?
[grunting]
[birds chirping]
So beautiful.
Sparrow, I'll be the first
to taste those waters.
Father.
The one-legged man.
You brought him here.
Would I do that?
[Barbossa] Edward Teach!
For crimes committed
on the high seas,
by the authority granted me
by His Majesty the King...
...and with a goodly amount
of personal satisfaction...
...I hereby place you
in the custody of the court,
and declare you
to be my prisoner.
My trick's out, is that it?
Such crimes do include,
but are not limited to,
piracy, treason,
murder, torture of
the most heinous sort,
including the brutal theft
of one used,
twisted, hairy right leg.
You... dare face
this sword?
This far away
from your ship? Aye.
Aye. That be the cold breath
of fate I feel down my nape.
But I'll have
one last fight, by God.
Kill 'em all!
[men yelling]
Whoa, whoa!
Hang on a minute.
I just... I just need
to understand something.
Right, so, you will
fight against them,
they will fight
against you.
All on account of him
wanting to kill him?
Where is the sense?
Exactly.
I say, let them fight
each other while we lay back,
watch, have a drink,
place some wagers! Eh?
Hmm. Aye.
Kill 'em!
No quarter!
[men shouting]
[swords clanging]
[gunfire]
[groaning]
Get off me!
[shouting continues]
[swords clanging]
[Angelica grunting]
Scrum, the chalices!
And the tear! Follow!
[Blackbeard] Fight!
Hand it over. The tear.
There's a good lad.
I'm more afraid of her
than I am of you.
[grunting]
Hand it over.
There's a good lad.
The chalices, if you please.
[chuckles] Sorry, Jack.
I told you, I need years.
And now, yours will do.
Aha!
Scrum!
[panting]
Syrena...
My God, you will
not take her.
If you have taken her,
you will give her back.
Give her back...
[panting]
[whispers] Give her back,
please. Please.
[swords clanging]
[both grunting]
[growling]
[grunting]
[chuckles] I expected
fate to put up more
of a fight, eh?
[grunting]
[shouting]
[yelling]
I will not have that smile
on your face as I strike
you down.
Take a gander, Edward Teach.
This land is hereby forever
claimed in the glorious name
of His Majesty
King George... [grunts]
[gunshot]
Someone make a note
of that man's bravery.
Senorita, the chalices,
por favor.
Only God
can grant eternal life,
not this pagan water.
[chalices clattering]
Men, destroy this
profane temple!
[men shouting]
The Fountain!
You are a fool.
You seek in this place
what only faith can provide.
Faith? In faith,
there is light enough to see
but darkness enough to blind.
What devilry is this?
[gasps]
For the Pearl.
What have you done?
[grunting]
Angelica! Don't!
It's poison!
[gasps]
[Barbossa]
I'm not such the fool
to take on Blackbeard
without a little
venomous advantage.
Jack!
[men yelling]
I claim Blackbeard's
ship and crew,
and this sword,
payment for my missing limb!
[rock crumbling]
[man] Hang on! Pull!
[grunting]
[speaks Spanish]
Do not waste my tear.
[gasping]
Drink this.
This one has the tear.
You must drink the other.
No!
I cannot save you both.
One of you must sacrifice.
You take it, Father,
for your soul.
Captain Teach, she's dying.
You must save your daughter.
This one takes life?
This one has the tear
and gives life?
Aye, hurry!
Angelica...
Save me, my child.
No.
[gasping]
I love you, Father.
Wait a minute.
In fact, it might have been
the other way around.
This cup had the tear,
that one had the other bit.
[Blackbeard] Trickster!
Hmm?
Devil!
Father!
You bastard!
How could you?
Your father saved you.
Perhaps his soul
is now redeemed. Eh?
[rumbling]
[wind whistling]
[gasping, panting]
You are hurt.
In body only.
My mind is at peace...
because of you.
Me?
Yes.
I was lost.
The wind, the tides...
...they ought to
renew a man's faith.
But for me, only you.
Philip, I can save you.
You need only ask.
I seek but one thing.
What is that?
Forgiveness.
If not for me, you would
never have been captured.
[whispers] Ask.
Forgive me?
I hate you.
The bloke
who saved your life?
The years I possess,
stolen from my own father!
I only helped Blackbeard
do what any father
should have done.
You are cruel and ignorant.
[yelling]
One pistol, one shot.
[gasps]
To kill myself
before I starve?
[Jack] There's no
trusting you, love.
Besides, this is
a well-traveled trade route.
You can signal a passing ship.
Or you can just
bite the proverbial
bullet, as it were.
And how will I get free
of these bonds?
You broke free of your bonds
half an hour ago,
waiting for the precise
moment to pounce.
Admit it, Jack.
You still love me.
If you had a sister
and a dog,
I'd choose the dog.
Treasure! There is
a chest with jewels!
Jewels with the power
to rule the wind and tide!
You're making that up!
Wait... [panting]
I am with child. Yours.
I don't recall
that we ever had...
You were drunk!
I've actually
never been that drunk.
Wait!
There is something
I want to say to you.
Something I wanted to say
from the moment we first met.
Go on, then.
I love you.
As do I.
Always have.
Always will.
I gotta go.
Jack!
This is not over!
[gunshot]
[water splashes]
Missed!
[Angelica screaming
in Spanish]
The Revenge is mine.
Sir...
We found this
below decks.
[sword vibrating]
[men yelling]
All hands!
Ply to windward!
Get cracking,
ye blooming cockroaches!
[cackling]
[all laughing]
The Crown served me well.
But now, by the gods
of sea and sky...
...make way for Tortuga!
[men shouting]
Gibbs, you filthy, besotted
shellback, you made it!
[Gibbs] Aye!
And I trust
we managed a profit
from our joint enterprise?
Feast your eyes.
The compass led me
straight and true.
What of Blackbeard's men
guarding the ship?
I employed the selfsame
maneuver we perfected
in New Guinea.
Oh.
Seemed a shame to leave
an entire fleet behind.
Shame indeed.
[chuckles]
[bird squawking]
[squealing]
I hate that monkey.
So, the Pearl...
Any idea how
to get her out?
We shall need a crossbow,
an hourglass, three goats.
One of us must learn to
play the trumpet whilst the
other one goes like this...
I know a man with a goat.
Good. I can go like this.
[Gibbs] Jack,
I have to ask...
You had the chalices,
the water, the tear...
You could have lived
maybe forever.
[Jack] The Fountain
does test you, Gibbs.
But better to not know
which moment may be your last.
Every morsel
of your entire being
alive to the infinite
mystery of it all.
And who's to say
I won't live forever, eh?
Discoverer of the
Fountain of Youth.
[chuckling]
[Jack] I have
no say in it, Gibbs.
It's a pirate's life for me.
Savvy?
[gulls crying]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunder cracks]